Welcome and good evening, everybody.
I know it's late, so let's go over what the Lord showed us yesterday.
Yesterday was heavy; we were in the Spirit.
I saw the boils on the people, and they were massive—the size of half-dollars.
Some of them were the size of quarters, and some like dimes.
There were boils on all their skin, and they looked like they were filled with some kind of fluid.
It looked almost like the membrane when you touch a stove and get a burn on your hand, like a blister.
That's what this looked like on the people I saw in New York.
What I thought was interesting was that it was on their mouths, in their mouths, and on their throats.
In the vision, I went inside the body and could see that it was on their physical throat and inside.
Then I saw a blackout.
I kept hearing 'darkness,' and it was cold.
I could see the buildings in New York in this vision, and all the buildings were blacked out with no power on.
As there was no power, I saw people with 50-gallon drums, putting fires in them to keep warm.
They had scarves and hats on—the kind that pull over your ears—and they had these coats on, keeping themselves warm by these 50-gallon drums.
I was praying into that, but then I saw people in the background with buildings on fire, and they were looting what they could.
As I panned out through the lens, I could see Toronto, and it spread from Toronto all the way down to Miami.
Sorry, I was around some mold today and I'm coughing a little bit, but all is well.
I've got this; it's not a virus, it's because of the mold.
I hate mold.
I saw it go all the way down the East Coast, and as I saw this, I saw mass migration again; people were leaving.
I saw a massive white medical ship with a huge red cross on it parked outside of New York.
The hospitals were full, and they were transporting people by helicopter and other ways to this big boat.
The ship was docked, but people were being transported to it, which I thought was interesting because you only take a helicopter ride if it's very serious and you're not about to make it.
They don't give you a helicopter ride just to give you a helicopter ride.
The other part was I saw a mime.
I saw a white-faced clown with blackest mascara around his eyes and teardrops—the small part of a teardrop that would drop on your cheek, kind of like what gang members do.
This was a massive teardrop that started at the top and went down like this; it had a black liner and white in the middle, and his eyes were blacked out.
This was on both eyes.
He was wearing a black and white outfit with a hat like Laurel and Hardy wear; it was a circle with a little dome, a white band around it, and a flower coming off the side.
He was making a bent-over motion and was crying without sound—a mime.
He looked like he was sobbing and making a noise, but with no sound.
If you were to put noise to it, it would be a travail cry.
I know that was symbolic; there's something to this.
Not everything is black and white; it's a metaphor.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Then I saw dogwood trees and I heard 'dogwood, dogwood.
' I knew it was symbolic of something else.
A lot of you are researchers, and you say, Brandon, that Jesus was crucified on a dogwood tree.
I don't know how people know that unless it says it in the Word and I'm just ignorant of it, but it was interesting.
I saw dogwood blossoms.
I knew the Lord, when I heard the Father say 'dogwood' and 'lamb's quarters, lamb's quarters.
' I saw a little white flower and I saw the lamb.
Then I went in the Spirit to Ireland.
The Lord said, 'Look at Ireland.
' So I was looking at Ireland and thinking, 'What are you trying to say about this?
' A lot of people sent Diana and me emails saying dogwood and lamb's quarters are for your intestines and parasites.
The bark helps your stomach problems.
There are medicinal purposes for these lamb's quarters.
I thought that was interesting.
Praying into that, why is the Lord talking about this?
He said, 'Don't take it.
' The Lord kept saying, 'Don't take it.
Don't take it.
' So I said, 'Don't take what?
' I saw a vial again.
Then somebody gave me Revelation 19.
Son, could you pull that up?
I believe it was Revelation 19.
It said the boils come on the people.
If mama were here—she's busy—but the scripture talks about in Revelation the boils coming on the people after they take the mark.
Maybe, just me speaking into it, I was having a vision of the Tribulation again.
I think it's interesting as we're praying because the Lord kept saying, 'Don't take it.
' Well, don't take what?
The mark?
Was it the mark?
I don't add to or take away from anything, but I think it's interesting because, lately, the things the Lord is showing us—He talked about Mystery Babylon and the major shakings that are coming.
I believe the closer we get to the Tribulation, the more the Lord is letting us see into it to pray.
Regardless, I want to say this: God wishes that none should perish but all come to repentance—all of us, even the people who are going through the Tribulation.
There's always a way of escaping every area of our life.
Even to the point of praying for our brothers and sisters who get left—the unbelievers in the Tribulation.
Could we be interceding for them?
I don't doubt it; I believe that's how merciful God is.
But are we getting that close to it?
I'm telling you, Jesus Christ is coming.
You must know Him as your Lord and personal Savior.
You're running out of time.
The urgency of the hour—it's time for the Body of Christ to wake up.
Jesus is coming.
Many of you are asleep; many are not awake for what's about to happen on this earth.
The signs of the times are about to heighten, doubling and tripling.
It's like the Lord showing me anointing on ministries; they're doubling and tripling.
If you just spend time with the Father and seek Him daily—not just whenever it's convenient—finding that intimacy, going back to the first love, going back to what you fell in love with, that tugging at your heart.
'Oh, Father, how are you today?
I want to know You more.
I want to fall more in love with the Lord.
Please, God, create in me a clean heart.
' Stripping all this stuff off of me that would be ungodly before You.
What is holding me back from coming to the greater glory?
What is it inside of me that You see, Lord, that is repulsive to You?
To be on that potter's wheel and be molded and made every day, staying from glory to glory to cultivate and accelerate.
The Lord keeps talking to me about 2026.
And even, you know, just bringing about the alien stuff.
I am telling you, ladies and gentlemen, great fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
We are about to have great deception beyond anybody's comprehension for what we are about to see.
It is the plan of the enemy.
One of the major things Jesus told me when I went to heaven and I was on the edge of it, he said to me, "Brandon, right before I come, one of the major things you will see in this earth is that they will talk about aliens a lot.
" This was in a visitation I had on July 6th of 2014.
The Lord said to me, "There will be many on the news all the time talking about aliens, ships, and things like that.
" I heard somebody say that Rick Renner was talking about the aliens in the water and the Nephilim.
Ladies and gentlemen, it is about desensitizing you to what is about to happen.
The main thing the Antichrist will say when he comes on the scene—when I told you he comes before, he stands in an Oval Office area with a red carpet behind him.
Does anybody remember me saying he stands in a red carpet area with all these lights and the stage, and he tells the Christians they were taken because of rebellion?
Now, I have my own family members; some of them say they don't even believe in the rapture of the church.
They don't believe any of this stuff; they think we are all drinking bad Kool-Aid.
I am trying to tell you all, we are not appointed unto wrath.
Jesus Christ is not a wife beater.
There is nothing you can say to convince me that we are going to walk through the tribulation.
Most of it is like the people who think God is going to knock the snot out of his kids that he loves.
He is not God.
If we being evil give good gifts to our children, how much more does the heavenly Father give good gifts to those that love him?
That is, I believe, Matthew 7.
I want to encourage you all today.
God is not a wife beater.
God is not beating his bride.
He is not up there going, "Let's punish you; let you go through some hell because you need to.
" That is not our God.
God is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him, love him, and follow him.
So, I just want to encourage you all today to get off the tribulation train.
I don't believe it.
Everything I have seen, when I went to the tribulation, the ones that were left were like the five virgins that didn't have their lamps full of oil.
It was not the ones that were full of oil.
There were ten; five were ready, five were not.
Which one are you?
Is your lamp full of oil, or are you one that is empty, saying, "You know what?
I like living in the world.
I like partying, I like having premarital sex, I like going out and looking at bad things on the internet, I like going to the strip club or drinking or whatever.
" Are you sold out to Jesus?
It is time to get real and be sold out to Jesus, to be all-in.
I say it over and over again on this channel, but I have that urgency again tonight to warn you: we are running out of time.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of God.
Who is influencing you?
What is pulling you away from it?
Cut it off.
What speaks louder in your life that is against the Word and against the Father coming up higher?
Cut it out of your life.
It is a cancer.
Only seek Jesus.
It is time.
The Lord tells me, "Brandon, you must tell them and shake them out of their slumber all the time.
" He warns me, "Tell them I am coming, Brandon.
Tell them there is no time.
" You say, "What does that mean to you, Brandon?
" Even if it is five years, folks, on the scale of eternity, that is nothing.
It is grace if he gives us five more years.
It is grace if he gives us ten.
I don't see it any more than that.
I am believing for the next three years during Trump's term, during the next cycle.
But I still see right now praying for JD Vance in 2028, and I have seen clearly into 2032.
But no man knows the day or the hour.
We know the signs of the times as we watch the fig tree.
So I want to encourage you today to keep your lamp full.
He could come back tomorrow.
I believe he will come on Rosh Hashanah.
I believe that is the timeframe he will come in, the September timeframe.
Everybody expected it back on September 23rd, and I warned you over and over again, they were missing it.
That was the point of no return.
He said, "You have entered into the point of no return of September 2025, the 23rd.
" He said that was the point of no return as labor pains upon a woman.
Where are we in the labor pains?
He said, "Brandon, you are at the point of no time for an epidural.
" So you ladies that have had a baby recently, you know there is a point in time where there is no more time for an epidural, and that is where we are.
It is about time to push.
You have dilated to a ten; it is time to push.
That is where we are in these end times.
As of the 23rd of September, the point of no return.
What does that mean to you?
Well, the Lord said this is the time.
It is the time that he said, "I am not out of mercy, I am out of time.
" We are at the point of push, and the greatest revival, the greatest end-time harvest of souls this world has ever known, is about to hit this planet.
But he is calling all hands on deck.
As we saw last night, Jesus was walking amongst the wheat, and the wheat was bowing down before him.
He was feeling the wheat through his fingers and he was weighing it in his hands.
He looked at me in the spirit and he said, "Brandon, the harvest is plentiful, son, and the laborers are few.
Help me tonight.
" We had 90 plus salvations.
12 people in South Korea got born again.
Buddhists came to Jesus last night, 12 of them, all to the glory of God.
It is wonderful when 12 Buddhists give their hearts to Jesus Christ, people that did not know him at all.
Over the last couple of days here, we have had well over 500 salvations.
People know inside that something is up.
There is an urgency of the hour.
It is kind of like an animal that knows there is about to be a major earthquake or a tsunami; they always run for the hills because they sense danger is coming.
There are many of you, they call it a sixth sense, whatever; I believe the Holy Ghost is inside of every single one of us, tugging at your heart.
Even if you're not born again, he's at the door of your heart knocking; you're running out of time.
So they come and they watch us and they pray with us because a lot of them want to know about crypto.
A lot of people always ask me, "What are the five pillars, Brandon?
" I'm not a financial adviser.
I can tell you what I've seen in the spirit, but it's only what I feel the Holy Spirit has told me.
And if it's off and it's wrong—and I'm flesh—you know what, we can miss it.
I'm not telling you what to do with your money because you'd be going, "Brandon, you told me to do this.
" I did not tell you to do anything; I told you to pray about it.
I am human and I can miss it.
I believe the Lord has shown me this.
But just because I'm flesh, just like anybody, we all can miss it.
We all come short of the glory of God.
Everybody has issues.
And I could be off on a bad day because I had some bad pizza.
I'm telling you these things, but when it comes to financial stuff, you need to take it to God in prayer and ask the Holy Spirit what he tells you to do.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
But I can tell you what I see in the visions.
I see the five pillars, things like that.
But what I really try to do is bring bait to bring you here to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming.
You want to know about crypto?
My heart is to tell you that you don't want to go to hell.
You're running out of time.
You want to fill your pockets, but you can't take it with you.
There's a plague coming, ladies and gentlemen.
There is an enemy that has infiltrated our nation because of the Biden administration.
There are many terrorists in this nation.
All those flies need to die.
I had a bug zapper.
There are enemies that have flooded our nation because we had open borders for four years of a Biden administration.
Millions of people crossed over illegally.
But many of them were a Trojan horse that came in here, and they could not get us, the Lord said, through a D-Day like it was in World War II when we invaded Germany.
So they infiltrated through our borders, through the north and the south.
I can even tell you where they crossed in; I can show you deep down.
I know where they came in by Michigan.
I saw a group of ten men come across the border of Michigan.
I can tell you what they were wearing.
I can tell you what they were driving.
I don't know their license plate number, but I saw it deep.
I even know the crossing points, and that was for us to pray over.
It's not all glory.
It's not anything about Brandon.
But I try to bring these things to you all because I have such an urgency every time I do these videos.
Even tonight I was like, "Do I do it?
" I was like, "Man, it's late.
I talked way too long.
" But iron sharpens iron; that anointing was on there and I could feel the glory.
I can feel the presence of the Lord, and even if it's just one person who gets born again tonight, it was worth doing this video so late.
I don't want to keep you very long—it's 24 minutes—but I had such a stirring all day long to keep praying for this nation, to pray for the nations of this world.
It's not just about America.
They are having big meetings today again, and they're talking about things—talking about kicking the guy in Venezuela out.
Trump's saying all this stuff, airstrikes, things like that.
A leak with a new Watergate.
They're calling it a new Watergate again.
And they're saying all these things.
These are words that I hear.
Political theater—political theater is already starting and we're not even in 2026 yet.
There will be great political theater in the days ahead—great distractions.
The interest rates will go down.
He's warned me about that, and in my opinion—based on what the Lord has shown me concerning January—Jerome Powell will be out and they're going to try to pump this economy.
The Lord told me personally: ride the wave.
It's a pig with lipstick.
The economy is a pig with lipstick.
It had mascara on, its cheeks were pink, and it was marching around with Trump, and he was telling you everything is good.
As much as I love him and I pray for him all the time, we all know that we're almost $40 trillion in the hole.
You're not pulling that out.
It's just not going to happen.
Do you know why?
Because the dollar has to go away for the beast system to rise.
And we're truly at that point.
America is not coming back.
Jesus is.
America is going through a window of opportunity for a wealth transfer for the body of Christ, for the 1%.
Not everybody's going to walk in this because you don't know how to manage what you have.
And God is not going to give you supernatural wealth if you can't take care of and tithe off of the dollar that you have.
If you're not faithful with a little, he will not make you ruler over much.
He will not cast his pearls before swine.
That's why he tells me all the time, "Don't cast pearls before swine.
" But he will not give the treasures in the fountain of the deep—the dark, hidden treasures, the major things—to the ones that are not close to his ear and his heart.
He's doing that to the ones that will listen to him and love him.
I don't seek his hand; I seek his face daily.
I want so much to follow him and to be close to him in these last days.
And it's important.
That's why I went to the church tonight and was sitting listening; the whole time I couldn't pay attention because I saw and I was looking at what's coming: a storm.
So I listened and I heard bits and pieces, but I was caught up in the spirit even as I was sitting there, and I said, "There's something so heavy.
I feel it.
There's a storm.
" And the Lord keeps saying to me, "Everything that you know, everything that you experience is going to change in a 24-hour period.
" A great shaking to awaken is coming.
But it's on your doorstep now.
And D-Day has been commissioned.
Do you understand?
He keeps talking about D-Day, the beaches of Normandy and all things like that.
He references war a lot.
I guess that's it; 25 minutes.
And then you saw the drone.
You saw AI.
Oh, I saw an AI race.
And the Lord said, "Because of the Biden administration, you're behind China.
" And I saw China making new kinds of drones.
But these were not drones that were in the sky; they were drones for the battlefield so that they would not have to bring their soldiers out, so they would have drone wars.
And I saw a circle that looked like the movie Alien—those demonic movies back then.
It had the alien with the long evil-looking face from that spooky movie.
I don't reference that, but it's the only thing I can say.
I've seen the pictures of it: the alien head.
That's what this drone looked like.
They had 50-caliber guns with tracks and they were using drone warfare for battle.
And China was—there it is.
The alien.
Do you see that?
That's the way the shield looked.
That's so demonic.
"You want to show it?
" "Yeah, sure.
" "Not the tail.
" "No, it only zoomed in when I'm trying to fix it.
" "That's it.
See?
" "Yeah.
" "Do you see it?
" That's the way the shield looked on this drone.
Now take it off.
I don't want to look at it.
That's the way the shield looked on that drone.
And I believe it was symbolic.
It was titanium-looking and had tracks.
It had black tracks and it was like a four-wheel drive.
They were using these 50-caliber guns and they were shooting this stuff from it.
I thought that was interesting.
But the Lord was showing me the AI race.
And I saw AI again.
A big, new industrial revolution with AI is what the Lord is showing me.
I keep seeing these rooms with supercomputers, major computers, and the Lord said the information is coming to them so quickly through AI that they can't even translate it fast enough with a human mind.
They can type in what they want to know about.
What we have with ChatGPT and Gemini (Google) is yesterday's stuff; it's no good.
The Lord said they have new technology that's so advanced that even their minds—trying to comprehend what the computer is saying—will need AI to translate it.
Do you understand?
AI will have to translate the AI; that's how advanced the technology has become.
There are cures for cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer's, dementia, and a lot of these things.
People go, "Well, yeah, it's Ivermectin.
" No, it's something more than Ivermectin.
This is something more advanced.
But the Lord said He was bringing forth new cures and new things that would go alongside that.
People would trust AI in the days ahead.
What did I tell you was behind AI?
There was a massive demon that was embedded into the computers that you're talking to that had digital writing, and the demon was taking over the AI with the digital code moving.
It had horns on its head and I saw it.
It was embedded into this mainframe of a major computer, but it was a dimension all in itself.
AI is a dimension all in itself when it comes to the level of technological advancement that it is.
It's endless.
And the Lord showed me people putting in these codes through CERN and these demonic portals; you're talking to demonic spirits.
And that's why I tried to warn you all.
Should you use AI?
The Lord said: harness it, don't embrace it.
You'll not be able to get around not using it, for it is the future.
Harness it, don't embrace it.
I thought that was an interesting word.
I saw a base on the moon, which I thought was way out there.
I saw it dug inside of the moon with a dome over it.
It looked like a lid.
I don't know how they could do that, but there was a base on the moon.
And when the plague took place, elite people were trying to get out of the earth to go to the moon.
I'm telling you, that's what I saw.
Others were trying to hide in their bunkers deep in the earth trying to get away because they didn't want to be exposed to the viruses and the things that are about to take place.
There is a level of them trying to preserve themselves that is going to be over the top.
But I told you the great deceptions are coming.
I even saw an alien talking to a reporter.
I have to clarify that there are no aliens; these are demonic spirits.
The Bible says we can entertain angels unaware.
You can entertain devils unaware.
If we can entertain the holy angels unaware, we can entertain demonic spirits unaware: fallen angels.
Good is good, bad is bad.
One tries to imitate God's stuff.
God is always good and God is always great.
You all need to know great days of deception are coming.
You need to be spiritually discerning.
I told you, test the prophetic words.
Don't just believe every prophet that calls himself a prophet.
You must judge the word inside of your spirit.
If it doesn't line up with the Word, run.
The Bible is God speaking to you.
You must get the Word of God inside of your heart so that it says: I'll make it a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
I will hide His word in my heart that I might not sin against Him, that I might not fall by the wayside by demonic temptation or familiar spirits.
My sheep will hear My voice and a stranger's voice I will not follow.
You must have a revelation of the Word of God and this must become priority in your life.
You must abide in His word.
Jesus said, "Apart from the Father, I can do nothing.
" If He couldn't do anything without the Father and the Holy Ghost, how much more do you need Him?
I crave Him more than I crave something to eat or drink.
Do you want to make a change in your life?
Make the change now.
Make your New Year's resolution now.
Don't wait for 2026 to start.
Find Him now.
Those that seek Me will find Me.
Those that knock, the door will be opened to them.
You must find Jesus.
You must have a relationship with Jesus.
I saw the silos, I saw the glory, I saw the places that Jesus has for us to walk in the greater glory.
He made it so a five-year-old can do it.
I saw a chip in the vision last night that looked like a motherboard and behind this motherboard was glowing with a red light.
It's symbolic; it's getting hot.
AI technology is going to get really hot.
It's going to become a major thing in 2026.
Pray over our President.
And then He told me, "Remember, do not forget Qasem Soleimani, for they want retaliation still for his assassination, and they want revenge still.
" And the Lord said, "Pray for Don Jr.
, pray for Eric, pray for Trump's children.
" Joe Biden was sitting in a wheelchair in excruciating pain.
He had a Burberry blanket laying across his lap—I could see the plaid check with the red stripe—and he was in a bathrobe, but he was in excruciating pain.
He was bending over grabbing his stomach and his groin area, and the Lord said his days are numbered.
He's about to depart this earth.
I saw him dying, but the Lord said, "Pray for his soul.
He doesn't know me.
" People go, "Well, he's Catholic.
He's this.
" The Lord said, "Pray for his soul.
He does not know me.
" He was all alone; everybody had abandoned him.
I could see him in excruciating pain looking out a window.
It was cold, and he was leaning over in so much pain.
It grieved me.
All the people and all the stuff for so long—even just a couple of months ago, he was president—and the Lord showed me he's all alone.
His son wasn't around, his wife wasn't even in the room.
He was in a room by himself.
It's like everybody had abandoned him and he was sitting there all alone.
To be at the top of the pinnacle of the world as the President of the United States of America and yet be so alone.
Many of you are like that—not president, but you used to be at the top of your game.
You were the best at work, the best at your job.
You might have been really good at AI or technology or whatever, but now you're coming to the end of your life.
You're older and you're all alone.
If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
You're watching this and you just clicked on it because you thought, "Well, what is that old guy saying again with the bald head?
" But the Holy Spirit is drawing you here.
He's knocking at the door of your heart.
I'm here to tell you, you may not have another opportunity.
Tonight might be your last chance.
You might be young and you're here and you could die tomorrow.
None of us are promised tomorrow.
Ask Charlie Kirk when you get to heaven.
He probably didn't believe he was going to die that day, but he went home.
He's with the Father now.
Nobody knows their number.
Nobody knows the day.
But if you were to die today, where would you spend eternity?
The very shoes you put on today to go to work—I say it all the time—the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
I really want you to seriously seek your heart tonight.
I keep telling you and I present this to you all the time.
There are new faces here all the time; there are 4,700 new faces here tonight.
I don't know how many of you all are familiar with this channel, but we're here to tell you Jesus Christ is coming.
And if you're here tonight and you do not know Him—more importantly, does He know you?
Where will you spend eternity?
If you were to die today, where would you go?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Ladies and gentlemen, you're running out of time.
I just want to say a simple prayer with you right now.
With all the stuff that I'm telling you—earthquakes in diverse places—who knows?
There could be a massive earthquake tonight.
Hit the coast of Oregon.
Tsunami wave.
You're in your apartment complex or your million-dollar home on the beach.
The wave comes in, totally destroys it, washes you out to sea, and you die.
You'd be worth millions of dollars, but none of it matters if you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
You could be worth billions living at the top of the high-rise.
You might have all this money, all this fame, all these relationships, and everything that you could possibly want, but you are as lost as a goose in the fog because you don't know Jesus Christ.
You might say, "I don't need Jesus," until you take your last breath.
Because at that moment, there's no more repenting.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord, or you're in hell.
One lady said, "Brandon, do you believe in purgatory?
" Not even a little bit.
You're either standing in front of the devil or you're going to be standing in front of your Maker.
Which one do you choose?
Either way, you make a choice if you don't choose Him.
So, I want to say a simple prayer with you right now.
Everyone is going to have a day that they stand before the Father if He tarries.
We're all going to die.
Every one of us.
And we all die the same way we came.
We all turn back to the dust when buried in that box six feet under.
It doesn't matter how much money you have in the bank.
Your kids will get it, or the government will if you don't have a will.
Either way, you aren't taking any of it with you.
Or you could be poor, living on the street, and watching me on a government-issued phone using food stamps—the same thing applies to you.
I'm talking to the poorest of the poor and the richest of the rich right now.
You need to know Jesus Christ.
You need to have Him.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer right now with you.
It's as simple as it is to me.
I just think simply, like a five-year-old could do it.
If you're here and this is speaking to you, and you feel that tugging of the Holy Spirit and He's knocking on your heart—even if there's just one of you—I'm going to take the time to say a simple prayer with you.
Jesus died for you publicly, so I want you to be public about your decision tonight.
If you want Jesus and you want to turn away from your sin, if you want to get born again and accept Him because you're running out of time—the door of the ark is closing, ladies and gentlemen—I want you to say this simple prayer with me.
Put in the comment section right now, "I want to be saved.
I want a fresh, clean start with Jesus Christ.
" Say, "Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I ask You to wash me in Your blood.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
From this day forward, I turn my back on the world, the devil, and my sin.
Jesus, I'll follow You all the days of my life.
I ask You as of today to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I'm asking for a fresh, clean start.
Forgive me, Lord; I'm coming home.
Forgive me, Lord; I want to be saved.
From this day forward, Lord, I'll serve You forevermore in Jesus' name.
Amen.
" Simple.
But I believe if you just said that prayer, you just got born again.
Now, what do you do?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
Tell them, "I want to be water baptized.
" Get plugged into the church.
As we say all the time: come here, pray with us, read your Bible, and seek Him daily.
We'll be patient with you here.
I know many of you are brand new and getting born again, and we just want to love on you.
If you don't have a Bible, email us below and say, "Brandon, I'd like a Bible.
" My wife and I will send you a Bible from Amazon if you live in America.
We want to welcome you to the family.
We're rejoicing with you.
All of heaven is rejoicing with you.
The great cloud of witnesses is rejoicing with you.
The devil's crying because he just lost a really good sinner.
Welcome to the family.
We had 58 salvations tonight.
All 58 of you, welcome to the family.
Last night we had over a hundred, and tonight 58.
Unless a man is born again, he cannot enter the kingdom of God, and you just took that basic step.
Welcome to the family.
There's so much peace in finding Jesus.
It's so sweet to trust in Jesus, just to take Him at His word.
All right, let's take communion real quick.
Who wants to go tubing a little bit?
It is really late, but I have to do the altar call because it's so important.
Fifty-eight people worldwide so far tonight gave their heart to Jesus Christ.
It makes me want to weep because the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
How many more of you, if you did an altar call, you would lead people to Jesus?
You must know Him.
He's my friend.
We've all got issues.
We've all sinned and come short of the glory.
But Jesus is an ever-present help in a time of need, and He'll take you right where you are, just as you are.
I surrender all.
Just surrender all.
Like I talked to the young man, the Lord says that there's somebody that if you don't talk to in the days ahead, they'll try to kill themselves.
You need to pray for them.
There are so many people—He sees you in the darkest hour of where you are.
And I'll get prophetic words; I hear what He's saying.
And there are so many of you that are so desperate for money in this Christmas season.
And you're thinking, 'Well, if I don't have something for my kids under the tree, I'm a failure.
I don't want to go home to my wife because I don't have enough money.
I don't have enough money for Christmas.
I only have one more payday and Christmas is coming, and I don't know what I'm going to do.
I'm only able to make enough money to pay my bills.
' But Jesus cares about all of it.
He cares about your pain, your sorrows, and the hurt.
He cares about when you're cold.
He cares about when you're hungry.
He wants to meet you right where you are.
I heard a very tragic story about a man that was exposed to black mold and he killed himself.
So many people are hurting with so much stuff.
But Jesus is with you in the darkest hour.
'Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden and I'll give you rest.
' People are dealing with PTSD.
I just heard it.
Somebody's dealing with some serious PTSD.
You're having really bad anxiety right now.
You're even having an anxiety attack right now while I'm talking to you, and Jesus is bringing peace to your heart.
You're having flashbacks of things.
And I see you dealing with these flashbacks, and you're continually being tormented by this.
And this is attached to a hormone imbalance, but there's a demonic spirit that is attached to this.
And Jesus says He's setting you free right now.
The power of the Holy Ghost is going through you and delivering you and your mind from these demonic spirits that are tormenting you with PTSD.
Father, I command them to be healed and whole and well.
By the stripes of Jesus, you're being healed.
You're being healed right now.
There's more than one.
One is more severe than the other, but the Lord said there's more than one.
This one that I'm in particular talking about, you're on the verge of doing something very dumb.
Do not do this.
God has a plan for your life.
Do not self-harm.
I call peace that passes all understanding over you and sleep.
The Bible says He gives His beloved restful, peaceful sleep.
Quote those scriptures over your mind.
Find words that pertain to what you're believing God for: healing, wholeness, wellness.
Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word.
But faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
So you've got to find scripture.
Find scriptures on Google; find scriptures on sleep.
I will sleep and have restful sleep.
I have the mind.
Second Timothy 1:7: 'God has not given me a spirit of fear but of power and of love and of a well-balanced mind.
' I have a well-balanced mind.
Tonight I see somebody with ovary issues, your uterus.
You've had very heavy menstrual cycles and cramps, very bad cramping in your uterus, and so much pain that it's like—what is endometriosis?
Would you look—I know that's an awkward thing for you maybe to look—I'm hearing this.
What is this?
I don't even know how to spell it.
Endometriosis.
Yes.
A condition resulting in appearance of endometrial tissue outside the uterus and causing pelvic pain.
Yep, that's it.
The Lord said endometriosis.
Be healed of that in the name of Jesus.
Be healed of this endometriosis.
Be healed in the name of Jesus.
For whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And the Lord is touching you right now, lady.
Tonight's your night.
The deliverance of the power of the Holy Ghost is going through that uterus and delivering you.
You're going to feel a warmth on that uterus right now, and you're healed and whole and well by the power of Jesus.
Give Him praise right now.
Thank you, Lord, for the delivering power of the Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Lord, for the healing.
Thank you, Lord, for what You paid for me to have.
Swollen—this is interesting.
These are all about the reproductive organs.
I see your prostate, sir, is so swollen you can't even hardly urinate.
And the Lord is doing like a roar through you, cleaning out that prostate and calling that inflamed prostate completely healed and whole by the power of Jesus right now.
It's cutting off the urine flow.
You're not even hardly able to release your bladder because of how swollen your prostate is.
I see it swollen so much that it's closed off the urinary tract, and it's very painful.
It's what you're eating.
We come before you each day—it's all inflamed there and the Lord's touching it right now in Jesus' name.
In Jesus' name, we call restoration of the prostate.
We call healing over the prostate right now, Father, in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father.
You've been so good to us.
So many of you here are believing for a miracle tonight—all 4,700 of you.
There's an expiration date to your problems.
Tonight's your night for your breakthrough.
It's time for you to believe for the exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
It's time for you to believe for it.
God said, 'I'm opening up the windows of those silos and those blessings are pouring out.
' Believing God for supernatural parts, supernatural hearts, supernatural deliverances of wherever you are right now.
Nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
How bad do you want it?
I'm a believing believer.
I'm not a doubter.
I believe.
I believe and I receive healing over my body.
Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we thank You, Lord, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
And I thank You, Lord, for the body that was broken for us in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, that we're healed and whole and well.
And we thank You, Lord, that the power of the Holy Ghost dwells on the inside of us and that we're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost and we lack no good thing.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that I see what You want me to see.
I hear what You want me to hear.
And we'll do exactly what You've called us to do tonight, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood over the eyes.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us tonight.
And we thank You, Lord, right now in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for Your washing the blood over us in Jesus' name.
Over our finances.
We take the blood right now in Jesus' name.
Now, when I heard and I hold the blood concerning finances, we're calling it in right now.
The Bible says that we can believe for 30, 60, and 100-fold.
Believe God for finances for your exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
Now, we call it in.
You want to buy Christmas for your children, you want to do all these things, call it in.
Supernatural debt cancellation, supernatural wealth transfer—God will give you creative ideas to get wealth.
Father, I thank you for the anointing to prosper.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're prosperous in their soul and in their finances, and that everything they put their hands to tonight will be exceedingly abundantly.
Not just to hoard it on themselves, but to be a blessing to the kingdom of God.
Thank you, Father.
Father, we call it in right now in Jesus' name.
We call it in now.
Satan, get your hands off of our money.
Get your hands off of our finances in the name of Jesus.
We call in the prosperity from the north, the south, the east, and the west, and abundance is over our house.
Abundance is over our hands.
Abundance is in our accounts.
And You said that our storehouse would have more than enough overflow.
2026, we call it in in Jesus' name.
And for the rest of 2025, we will thrive.
Supernatural money, come to us in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is the time for the greatest harvest of souls, and it's going to take money to get it done, and we're calling it in in the name of Jesus.
We're not begging; we're believers.
We're not begging.
God does not respond to begging.
'Oh God, please.
Oh God.
' He's moved by faith, not moved by emotion.
'Oh God, I need help.
' Oh, you're praying wrong.
God does not respond to that.
He's not moved by your need; He's moved by faith.
What are you going to be a believing believer for?
If He was moved by need, the devil would go around creating needs and things, and he'd be pushing God, and God would be following him around fixing the needs.
That's not the way it moves.
That's not 'Oh God, I need money.
Oh God, I'm barely getting by.
' He's not moving until you be still.
I'm a believing believer.
He is moved by faith.
Without faith, it is impossible to please Him.
For he that cometh to God must believe that He is a rewarder—He is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
Without faith, it is impossible to please the Father.
For he that cometh to God must believe that He is first and that He is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
He's not moved by your need; He's moved by faith.
Father, 'My God shall supply all my needs according to His riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
' Get Deuteronomy 28 and read the blessings.
I'm the head and not the tail; I'm above and not beneath.
He's moved.
Get word-backed prayers.
Not 'Oh, God.
' He ain't moved by it.
What does He move by?
'Oh, but my God.
' Deuteronomy 28.
Let's look at it.
If you want to listen, fine.
If you don't, you can click out.
But I'll give you this and help you if you listen to me.
Deuteronomy 28 is one of my favorites.
Blessed.
This is Deuteronomy 28:4.
Now, say this over your money concerning Christmas money you're believing for for your kids.
You have to have scripture because the Bible says, 'If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.
' That's prayer.
But what were the stipulations for the prayer?
'If ye abide in me and my words remain in you.
' So you've got to have His words inside of you.
'Blessed shall be the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy ground, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and the increase of thy kine, and the flocks and thy sheep.
Blessed be the basket and thy store.
Blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou be when thou goest out.
The Lord shall cause thy enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before thy face.
They shall come out against thee one way and flee before thee seven ways.
The Lord shall command the blessing upon thee, and thy house, and thy storehouse, and all that thou settest thy hand unto, and He shall bless thee in the land which the Lord thy God gives you.
The Lord shall establish thee as His holy people unto Himself, as He hath sworn unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of the Lord thy God and walk in His ways.
And all the people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of you.
And the Lord shall make thee plenteous in goods.
' Say it: 'And the Lord shall make thee plenteous.
' Plenteous—that does not mean barely getting by.
Plenteous in goods and the fruit of your body—that means a lot of kids if you want them.
And the fruit of your cattle, which is a lot of whatever you're putting your hands to.
It doesn't have to be cattle as back then; it could be whatever you're doing.
And the fruit of your ground and the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
And the Lord shall open unto you His good treasures, the heavens to give the rain unto your land in season and to bless all the work of your hands, and thou shalt lend unto many nations, and thou shalt not borrow.
' Hallelujah.
Think about that.
You've got enough money.
You're like Elon Musk.
'What do you need, brother?
Let's write a check over there to this fund in Haiti or whatever.
' And you've got enough to lend to many nations.
Not just one nation, many nations.
And you shall not borrow.
So you ain't calling up somebody, 'Hey, can you help me?
I need you to help me.
' No, I got enough in my storehouse to lend unto many nations and you shall not borrow.
I don't know how many people on this camera tonight can tell me you've got enough to lend to a nation.
If not, we're not walking in the overflow enough.
There's more.
We've got to stretch our faith.
Get an inward image of what God has for you in this word.
Deuteronomy 12—get an inner image of that.
Hallelujah.
You've got to think about what He's saying.
'The Lord shall open to thee His good treasures.
He has treasures.
The heavens to give the rain unto your land in His season, and to bless all the work of thy hand.
And thou shalt lend unto many nations, and thou shalt not borrow.
And the Lord shall make thee the head and not the tail, and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath, if thou shalt hearken unto the commandments of the Lord thy God, which I am commanding this day, and to observe and to do them.
' What are the commandments?
To love thy neighbor as yourself.
He said, 'A new commandment I give unto you: Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your mind, with all your strength, and love your neighbor as yourself.
' That's the new commandment Jesus said He gives to you.
You can't keep all the other commandments—I'm just going to follow the one that He said to do right now.
Love the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your mind, with all your strength, with all your soul.
Do everything you can.
I love you, Father.
And He said that makes you qualified.
Did you not get that?
'And the Lord shall make thee the head and not the tail, and above, and thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath that thou hearken unto the commandments of the Lord thy God.
' Hearken to Him.
Listen to Him.
Follow Him.
Do what He's told you to do.
But love Him.
Fall in love with Jesus.
This qualifies you.
I just want to encourage you all today to find scriptures like this to pray over your finances for Christmas money, to pray over it to be a blessing to your church.
Pray over it.
He said He would do it.
If He takes care of the lily of the valley and He takes care of the sparrow of the air, how much more does He take care of you?
He loves you today, and He wants you to have that overflow so that you are able to have life and life more abundantly.
Not just to barely get by.
You're a king's kid and you live for Him and you say, 'But my God...
' It's personal.
But my God shall supply.
It's not somebody else; it's my God.
He's my God.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
When God gets personal with you, when you get personal with God—as I try to tell you all the time, ladies and gentlemen—when you get real with God, God will become more and more real to you.
Stop having a fake religion.
Don't be a Pharisee.
Have a relationship with Jesus Christ.
Take the walls of religion down.
Not grandma's religion, but finding Jesus for yourself; those that seek Him will find Him.
That was the part I had for you that I just felt a stirring inside of me to tell you: you don't have to be broke, busted, and disgusted.
"I'm barely getting by, Brandon.
I don't have anything.
" I have so many people tell me that.
"Brandon, could you help me out?
" That's the way I help you.
If you give a man a fish, they're only going to be fed for the day.
But if you teach a man to fish, he'll be fed for a lifetime, right?
I probably butchered that, but it's close.
I'm just trying to be real with y'all.
It's all about seeds.
If you have a need, sow a seed.
Find a ministry that is feeding you.
It's important that we know that not all ministries, when you sow into them, produce.
Most people always just bucket plunk.
But I give strategically.
Whenever He says "give here," be strategic in your giving because not all soil produces.
Sandy soil that is full of rocks doesn't produce like manure.
Make sure you're planting in manure.
And I try to tell you all, when you're going to your church, when you're lining up with your ministry, make sure you're giving into good ground.
When you bless your pastor or whatever, make sure you're lining up with good ground.
You know, "he that winneth souls is wise.
" So, there are conditions to things, but most people don't want to hear that.
And so I go, "Well, you know, it is what it is.
" I try to help y'all as much as I can.
One thing I want to tell y'all: we aren't asking for anything from you.
God's taking care of me, and I'm blessed, and I work hard.
I never, ever come on and beg for anything.
Never.
But I try to tell you these things so you can be prosperous in your church.
You can bless your pastor.
I'm not here to steal people's sheep or their tithe or anything; I'm here to tell you how to get on the other side so you don't keep living in the drama that you're living in.
Either you believe it or you don't.
But we give into good ground and we believe God.
I know the ground we give into is good ground because I've tested it over and over and over again.
So don't just bucket plunk.
If you have a need, sow a seed and believe for the harvest behind it and believe for the thirty, sixty, and hundredfold.
It's so important you all know this.
I always catch crud from people saying, "All you're doing is talking about money.
" No, I'm telling you because I'm trying to help you.
There are a lot of people that are struggling financially, and you come on here by the tens of thousands looking for a handout through crypto advice, thinking that I'm going to give you some secret lottery winner so that you can become an instant millionaire overnight by buying some kind of a "fart coin" or something.
And I'm like, "That's not the way I believe God operates.
" He doesn't ruin the person if they can't handle it.
It's called character, and He's looking to see if you can handle it.
I do not believe in spiritual lottery winners.
I don't.
That's not the way I've ever seen God do anything in my life.
"If you be faithful with a little, He'll make you ruler over much.
" But most people don't want to put in the effort to be faithful with the little He's given you.
When you live on food stamps like I had for eight years plus, barely making it by, making $17,000 a year in America—and that is nothing in America with how expensive everything is here—we were living on nothing.
And I told D, "We're at the bottom of the barrel, and the barrel's on top of us.
" Looking for handouts through Goodwill to try to get through to get clothes for our kids, and you'd sow your way out of poverty.
A dollar here, a dollar there.
And I was faithful with what God gave me.
And I wasn't looking for a handout, giving spiritual hints to everybody going, "Brother, won't you help me?
Oh, God, won't you help me?
" I was quiet.
Didn't tell anybody I was living on stuff.
You just keep marching.
Didn't have bald tires with steel hanging out.
"God, you provide me for a tire.
You'll buy me a tire.
Lord, help me.
I can't get to work tomorrow because I'm going to have a blowout on the side of the road and it's dangerous for my wife to drive this car.
" After me going to the used tire shop for 25 bucks and buying a tire that was halfway ruined, but it got us there for another couple of months.
And that's the way we lived.
But God said, "Sow, sow, sow, sow.
Give, and it shall be given unto you.
" And people don't want to hear it, but I'm telling you something that has worked for me.
And He said, "Do this and I'll help you with eBay.
I'll bless eBay.
I'll do this, show you things.
" And people don't want to.
It's taken years, eight years of hard work, growing our store, and doing things.
And then He said He wanted us to do this.
And I say, "Well, Bren, are you rich?
" I'm not rich by any means compared to a lot of people, but I don't look at wealth as what a lot of people look at it either.
I look at it and say if my kids are following Jesus, if we're healthy, our marriage is good, if I have somebody I can lean on and we pray together and stay together—that's health, that's prosperity to me.
I've seen some of the richest ministers whose kids hate them.
They're strung out.
They don't go to church, and you go, "Is that prosperity?
" You got five kids and most of them don't serve the Lord at all.
They're PK kids that are like, "I don't even want to have anything to do with Jesus at all.
" They're strung out and they're doing drugs, and you look at them going, "Is that prosperity?
" But they're driving brand new Dodge Vipers and stuff and you go, "Is that blessing?
" No.
So the world has prosperity backwards.
What is truly a blessing?
Having more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and get the job done.
I do not believe in lottery winners.
I do not believe in a game of chance.
I believe in character.
You must have character in these last days.
And there's too much prosperity teaching: "Give this $58 seed and you'll get a financial miracle.
" I believe there are instances where that happens, but it doesn't happen all the time.
Because I've given that way and the Lord blesses you—and I'm referring to another ministry, he does that, and I almost said his name, and the Lord said, "Don't you dare.
Listen again to what the spirit of the Lord tells you to do.
" Well, I don't know where all that came from, but there you go.
Don't you get tired of the charismaniacs?
There's a lot of charismaniacs out there that are just flaky.
Don't you want to get real?
I get so tired of all the sucker punches in the body of Christ and the giving bucket plunking and that play on the organ—that high pitch on the organ—and you're going, "Oh, the Holy Ghost is there," and the Holy Ghost ain't there.
I got some flesh in there and you give your thousand dollars and you're going, "Oh, hallelujah.
" I'm not into all of it.
Let's just be real.
It's a lot of flaky charismatic crap.
And I just think it's not God.
If the power of God knocks me down, I want something when I get down.
That's why I said, 'Look, I want something authentic up in here.
' I'm not here to play church.
We are running out of time.
People are dying and going to hell at a rate of 177,000 people a day.
And yet we get excited.
I'm thankful for the people who gave their hearts tonight—the 58 of you or whatever it was—but we've got to extend the mission.
The net needs to be bigger.
The Lord said to me, 'I'm going to start taking a lot more people to hell and giving them an account of it so they can come back and testify of what's coming if they don't accept me.
' I said, 'Lord.
' He even brought me up, and I said, 'I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to see this.
' He released me after I begged him for days.
I said, 'Please, I do not want to see a glimpse of hell.
I've seen so much already, and I've given you the words, and I've not bowed down to any of it.
I have been obedient to everything you've asked me to do.
I've told the hard things.
' And he said, 'You've not done even remotely what I've called you to do yet, Brandon.
But I keep telling you there's a shaking coming to this nation.
There's a shaking coming.
' He said, 'America has turned their nose up toward me.
' And he gave me 1 Corinthians 5:5.
An hour and 15, an hour and 30—how long have I been talking?
I'm sorry, y'all.
I talk way too much.
You know, whenever I get on here and the Holy Spirit hits me, the Holy Spirit just comes over me.
It just flows out of me like a river.
I can talk a lot, but I just love y'all.
There's so many of y'all who have been so kind to us, and I'm so grateful that God has assigned you, all 4,600 of you, in the middle of the night.
Here it is in America, almost morning, and there are 4,600 people praying with us right now.
That's a lot there.
That means you're hungry.
So let's pray a little bit.
I'll pray.
Are you tired, Brandon?
You can take a break if you need to.
Oh, Father, we love you.
Is there anything you want to show us tonight before I close?
Pray that we spend every day at your throne.
Hot to cold.
Everybody, you've been hot and you turned cold.
You've been hot and you have turned cold, he says.
But it's come time for you to walk by my side.
It's time for you to walk by my side, he says.
You were hot and you have turned cold, but now I call you by my side.
Hot or cold.
Hot to cold.
Hot.
Glory be.
There's a deep intercession here for him to draw you near.
This is for the hearts of the ones that have gone far from him.
He said, 'Master.
' Hallelujah.
My soul, my soul.
To his throne.
Close, close to his throne.
Will we be crowned with his glory from the most high?
There's so many of you that have lost your focus.
But the ones that keep close to his throne, the ones that will keep close to his throne—you say, 'How?
How?
' It's to abide in him.
Abide and you will thrive.
Thriving, not just barely surviving.
You want to thrive, not just survive.
It's a very interesting song, isn't it, son?
Come to me, he says, and shake it all off.
Take the care of this world and shake it off.
'Come unto me,' he said, 'and shake it off.
Take the care of the world and shake it off.
' Oh Lord, we worship you and we praise you, for you're Lord God Almighty.
You must learn to walk in your authority, and then you will see the greater manifestations on thee.
Being bold.
For many of you have a new spring of life inside of you as of tonight.
New spring.
Let it flow.
Don't be a dam and try to dam it.
Let it flow out of you.
Out of your belly shall flow the rivers of living water.
Let it flow.
Don't be a dam.
Praise the Lord.
Say, 'Yes.
' Thank you, Lord.
From the east to the west, to the mountains, say, 'Yes.
' There's so much the Holy Spirit wants to do for every single one of you, keeping you close to his throne.
The Lord is stirring you up.
Let that fresh living water flow and fill your cup.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
Go back to your first love.
You're on the wrong road.
Change highways.
I hear it again tonight: go back to your first love.
There's so much about 2026.
Finishing this out, he's calling you in.
He's calling you higher.
Come up higher with the fire.
Soar with him again.
Mount up with the wings of eagles.
Check those that are around you that are influencing you the most.
Eliminate the people that are speaking into your life that should not be there.
I hear this again.
He said, 'Repeat it.
' So many people have people influencing them who should not.
Let the Holy Spirit flow.
Go back to the first love.
I hear it again.
It's beautiful, the things he's saying tonight.
He's talking to me too.
I have to go back even harder to the first love.
I receive that for me.
I don't want to miss out.
Well, Brandon, who are you talking to?
I don't know.
I'm talking to myself.
I'm going back to the first love.
There's so many things that pull me away, so many distractions, but you go back to the first love, the foundation, the ABCs.
You cannot learn how to spell without learning the ABCs first.
But if you skip the ABCs after you think, 'Well, I'm a college graduate now, I don't need that,' go back to the first love, the ABCs.
And that's where he tells me he's at.
It's a childlike faith.
We try to make our spiritual walks with him so complicated and try to make it performance.
There's so much performance in this, and it's like, no, go back to the first love.
Who cares what people think?
I'm going to stand before him by myself.
Not with my wife, my kids, nobody.
I'm going to stand before him all alone.
I come to the garden alone, and he walks with me, and he talks with me, and he tells me I am his own.
And the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
And he walks with me and he talks with me.
That's where it's at.
And he tells me I am his own.
Those old songs, I don't know all the words to them, but that's what he said out of my spirit right then.
That's going back to the first love.
I went to the garden alone.
That's beautiful, Braden.
He's waiting on you.
I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses.
And the voice I hear falling on my ear, the Son of God discloses.
But that's what I was hearing in the spirit: "You come to the garden alone.
" Do you get that?
While the dew is still on the roses.
There's something so precious about what he just said.
I love that song.
"I come to the garden alone when the dew is still on the roses.
" I love His presence tonight; He is such a friend.
What a friend we have in Jesus.
Boy, the presence of the Lord just shifted again.
Did anybody else feel that?
I'm curious if it's just on me because my ears got hotter.
It's like a level where tongues isn't enough.
As he said, "I come to the garden alone," there's intimacy.
Go back to your first love.
And He walks with me, and He talks with me, and He tells me I am His own; and the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
He speaks, and the sound of His voice—I don't know how the tone would go, but I know it's so sweet—the birds hush their singing.
Oh, Braden, those words are amazing.
I'm going to learn that.
That is beautiful.
That song was written in 1912.
That was a good one.
Oh, Father, we thank You for Your presence.
We thank You, Father, for tonight.
Did you get something out of it tonight, folks?
Did it bless you?
I know it's really late, but it's good in the middle of the night.
His presence is so sweet.
"'Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus, just to take Him at His word, just to know, 'Thus saith the Lord.
'" Jesus, Jesus, how I trust You!
Those old songs.
Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus.
Thank You, Father.
It's fine; I could send it so you can sing it.
It's all right; don't worry about it.
We'll do it another time, but do keep it, because they're good songs.
It's what he said: "I come to the garden alone.
" That's what came out of my spirit.
I could hear it.
I was like, "What's the rest of the song?
" And He walks with me, and He talks with me.
I love it.
Thank You, Father, that 'Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus.
Do you feel refreshed today?
All of you in Australia closing out your day, it's probably four or five o'clock in the afternoon now.
There are so many of you watching from Australia right now, New Zealand, and Asia.
God bless you all.
We're excited you're here.
We're so thankful for every single one of you.
Maybe in Africa, it's early morning where you are.
God bless you all.
We pray you have a wonderful day as we close out the rest of this one and enter into the early morning hours here in Central America.
We're so thankful that you would spend your time with us, maybe the first fruits of your day, just giving God praise and singing with us.
I have such an urgency to tell you that Jesus loves you and that there's a plan for your life.
We're so grateful for every single one of you that joined us tonight.
If you could do me a favor: like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and comment something nice down below to tell us how we're doing.
If you enjoyed the video, fine.
If you didn't, you don't have to say anything.
We're doing the best we can, folks.
This is all God's got to work with, but I'm doing the best I can.
I'm thankful for every single one of you and I pray for every single one of you.
God bless you all.
Like I said, do all those things, and we'll see you again tomorrow.
We'll come on earlier tomorrow.
God bless you all.
Remember: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.